ClassNameInvoke,ClassNameOriginal,FunctionName,FormalType,FormalName,ActualType,ActualName,Abbreviation,Expansion
org.apache.batik.util.ClassFile,java.util.jar.JarFile,getInputStream,ZipEntry,ze,ZipEntry,getEntry,ze,zip entry
org.apache.batik.parser.TimingParser,java.util.Calendar,set,int,year,int,y,y,year
org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGTextElementBridge,java.text.AttributedString,addAttribute,Attribute,attribute,TextAttribute,X,x,text
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext,org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil,coerceData,WritableRaster,wr,WritableRaster,raster,wr,writable raster
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.SVGOMAnimatedRect,org.apache.batik.anim.dom.AnimSVGRect,setAnimatedValue,float,w,float,getWidth,w,width
org.apache.batik.anim.AnimationEngine,org.apache.batik.anim.timing.TimedDocumentRoot,convertEpochTime,long,t,long,currentTimeMillis,t,time
org.apache.batik.anim.AnimationEngine,org.apache.batik.anim.dom.AnimationTarget,updateAttributeValue,AnimatableValue,val,AnimatableValue,av,val,value
org.apache.batik.anim.values.AnimatableAngleValue,org.apache.batik.anim.values.AnimatableAngleValue,rad,float,v,float,value,v,value
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractTiledRed,org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil,copyData_FALLBACK,WritableRaster,dst,WritableRaster,wr,wr,writable raster
org.apache.batik.apps.svgbrowser.Debugger,java.awt.Window,addWindowListener,WindowListener,l,WindowAdapter,wa,wa,window adapter
org.apache.batik.dom.ExtensibleDOMImplementation,java.util.List,add,Object,e,ValueManager,vm,vm,value manager
org.apache.batik.bridge.ViewBox,org.apache.batik.parser.FragmentIdentifierParser,setFragmentIdentifierHandler,FragmentIdentifierHandler,handler,ViewHandler,vh,vh,view handler
org.apache.batik.dom.util.SAXDocumentFactory,org.apache.batik.dom.util.SAXDocumentFactory,getDOMImplementation,String,ver,String,version,ver,version
org.apache.batik.anim.AnimationEngine,org.apache.batik.anim.dom.AnimationTarget,updateAttributeValue,AnimatableValue,val,AnimatableValue,av,val,value
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.AbstractSVGLength,org.apache.batik.parser.UnitProcessor,svgToUserSpace,float,v,float,value,v,value
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.AbstractSVGLength,org.apache.batik.parser.LengthParser,setLengthHandler,LengthHandler,handler,UnitResolver,ur,ur,unit resolver
org.apache.batik.bridge.BridgeContext,org.apache.batik.dom.events.NodeEventTarget,removeEventListenerNS,boolean,useCapture,boolean,uc,uc,use capture
org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGTextElementBridge,org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGUtilities,matchUserAgent,UserAgent,ua,UserAgent,getUserAgent,ua,user agent
org.apache.batik.anim.values.AnimatableAngleValue,org.apache.batik.anim.values.AnimatableAngleValue,rad,short,unit,short,u,u,unit
org.apache.batik.util.gui.xmleditor.XMLView,javax.swing.text.AbstractDocument,getText,Segment,txt,Segment,text,txt,text
org.apache.batik.anim.timing.TimedDocumentRoot,org.apache.batik.util.DoublyIndexedSet,contains,Object,o2,TimingSpecifier,ts,ts,timing specifier
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.SVGOMSVGElement,org.apache.batik.dom.svg.SVGContext,setScreenTransform,AffineTransform,at,AffineTransform,scrnTrans,trans,transform
org.apache.batik.test.DefaultTestSuite,org.apache.batik.test.DefaultTestSuiteReport,addReport,TestReport,report,TestReport,tr,tr,test report
org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGTextElementBridge,org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGTextElementBridge,addPaintAttributes,TextNode,node,TextNode,tn,tn,text node
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.SVGStyleSheetProcessingInstruction,org.apache.batik.css.engine.StyleSheet,setTitle,String,t,String,title,t,title
org.apache.batik.svggen.font.SVGFont,org.apache.batik.svggen.font.table.FeatureList,findFeature,LangSys,langSys,LangSys,ls,sys,system
org.apache.batik.bridge.CursorManager,java.util.Map,put,Object,key,String,SVG_SW_RESIZE_VALUE,sw,string writer
org.apache.batik.transcoder.wmf.tosvg.AbstractWMFPainter,java.awt.image.WritableRaster,setDataElements,int,_w,int,_width,w,width
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.AnimSVGPointList,java.lang.StringBuffer,append,String,str,String,getValueAsString,str,string
org.apache.batik.gvt.flow.LineInfo,org.apache.batik.gvt.flow.LineInfo,assignGlyphGroupRanges,int,ggSz,int,newSize,sz,size
org.apache.batik.swing.svg.Query,org.apache.batik.bridge.UserAgent,getScriptSecurity,String,scriptType,String,st,st,script type
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.SVGDOMImplementation,org.apache.batik.css.engine.CSSEngine,setUserAgentStyleSheet,StyleSheet,ss,StyleSheet,parseStyleSheet,ss,style sheet
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.AttributeInitializer,java.lang.System,arraycopy,Object,src,String[],keys,src,source
org.apache.batik.bridge.PaintServer,org.apache.batik.gvt.CompositeShapePainter,addShapePainter,ShapePainter,shapePainter,StrokeShapePainter,sp,sp,stroke painter
org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGImageElementBridge,java.util.List,add,Object,e,ShapeNode,sn,sn,shape node
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil,org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil,is_INT_PACK_Data,SampleModel,sm,SampleModel,getSampleModel,sm,sample model
org.apache.batik.css.engine.StyleSheetDocumentHandler,org.apache.batik.css.engine.StyleRule,setSelectorList,SelectorList,sl,SelectorList,selectors,sl,selectors
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.color.ICCColorSpaceExt,java.awt.color.ICC_Profile,getData,int,tagSignature,int,icSigHead,sig,signature
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.geom.SegmentList,org.apache.batik.ext.awt.geom.SegmentList,add,Segment,s,Segment,seg,seg,segment
org.apache.batik.bridge.BaseScriptingEnvironment,org.apache.batik.bridge.UserAgent,displayError,Exception,ex,SecurityException,se,se,security exception
org.apache.batik.css.engine.StyleSheetDocumentHandler,org.apache.batik.css.engine.StyleRule,setStyleDeclaration,StyleDeclaration,sd,StyleDeclaration,styleDeclaration,sd,style declaration
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.TileRed,java.lang.System,arraycopy,int,destPos,int,dstSP,sp,source position
org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGGVTFont,org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGGVTFont,canDisplayUpTo,CharacterIterator,iter,StringCharacterIterator,sci,sci,string character interator
org.apache.batik.test.xml.XMLTestReportProcessor,org.apache.batik.test.xml.XMLTestReportProcessor,replace,StringBuffer,s,StringBuffer,sb,sb,string buffer
org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGUseElementBridge,org.apache.batik.bridge.BridgeContext,storeEventListenerNS,EventTarget,t,NodeEventTarget,target,t,target
org.apache.batik.util.ThreadPounder,java.util.Collections,shuffle,Random,rnd,Random,rand,rnd,random
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil,java.awt.Graphics2D,setRenderingHints,"Map<?,?>",hints,RenderingHints,origRH,rh,rendering hints
org.apache.batik.gvt.UpdateTracker,java.util.Map,containsKey,Object,key,WeakReference,gnWRef,ref,reference
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.geom.RectListManager,java.awt.Rectangle,equals,Object,obj,Rectangle,rect,rect,rectangle
org.apache.batik.apps.svgbrowser.FontSizeHandler,javax.swing.UIManager,put,Object,value,FontUIResource,fontRes,res,resource
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.renderable.ColorMatrixRable8Bit,java.awt.image.renderable.RenderableImage,createRendering,RenderContext,renderContext,RenderContext,rc,rc,render context
org.apache.batik.dom.AbstractDocument,org.w3c.dom.Document,createElementNS,String,qualifiedName,String,qn,qn,qualified name
org.apache.batik.swing.svg.BridgeUserAgentWrapper,org.apache.batik.swing.svg.BridgeUserAgentWrapper,invokeAndWait,Runnable,r,Query,q,q,query
org.apache.batik.test.SimpleTestReportProcessor,java.lang.Throwable,printStackTrace,PrintWriter,s,PrintWriter,pw,pw,print writer
org.apache.batik.swing.JSVGCanvas,java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport,addPropertyChangeListener,PropertyChangeListener,listener,PropertyChangeListener,pcl,pcl,property change listener
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.AttributeInitializer,org.apache.batik.util.DoublyIndexedTable,put,Object,o1,String,ns,o,object
org.apache.batik.dom.AbstractDocument,org.apache.batik.dom.AbstractNode,fireUserDataHandlers,Node,oldNode,Node,n,n,node
org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGImageElementBridge,org.apache.batik.bridge.UserAgent,getBrokenLinkDocument,String,message,String,msg,msg,message
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.TileRed,java.awt.image.WritableRaster,createWritableChild,int,parentX,int,getMinX,min,minmum
org.apache.batik.bridge.svg12.SVGFlowRootElementBridge,org.apache.batik.bridge.AttributedStringBuffer,append,Map,m,Map,map,m,map
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractTiledRed,java.awt.image.Raster,createPackedRaster,Point,location,Point,loc,loc,location
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.codec.png.IDATOutputStream,org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.codec.png.CRC,updateCRC,int,len,int,bytesWritten,len,length
org.apache.batik.svggen.SVGGraphics2D,java.awt.image.BufferedImageOp,filter,BufferedImage,src,BufferedImage,img,img,image
org.apache.batik.bridge.BridgeContext,org.apache.batik.bridge.BridgeContext,createURIResolver,DocumentLoader,dl,DocumentLoader,documentLoader,dl,document loader
org.apache.batik.util.gui.xmleditor.XMLView,org.apache.batik.util.gui.xmleditor.XMLScanner,scan,int,context,int,ctx,ctx,context
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.spi.ImageTagRegistry,java.util.List,addAll,Collection,c,List,getMimeTypes,c,collection
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.SVGOMStyleElement,org.apache.batik.dom.AbstractElement,setAttributeNS,String,namespaceURI,String,XML_NAMESPACE_URI,xml,extensible markup language
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.MultiplyAlphaRed,java.awt.image.Raster,getPixels,int[],iArray,int[],wrData,wr,write
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.renderable.TileRable8Bit,java.awt.geom.AffineTransform,deltaTransform,Point2D,ptSrc,Double,redVec,vec,vector
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.geom.ExtendedGeneralPath,java.util.Arrays,fill,double[],a,double[],vals,vals,values
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.spi.ImageTagRegistry,org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.spi.ImageTagRegistry,getBrokenLinkImage,String,code,String,ERR_URL_UNREACHABLE,url,uniform resource locator
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.SVGOMImageElement,org.apache.batik.anim.dom.AttributeInitializer,addAttribute,String,ns,String,XMLNS_NAMESPACE_URI,uri,uniform resource identifier
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.SVGOMAnimationElement,org.apache.batik.util.DoublyIndexedTable,put,Object,o2,String,SVG_EXTERNAL_RESOURCES_REQUIRED_ATTRIBUTE,svg,scalable vector craphics
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.TileRed,java.lang.System,arraycopy,int,srcPos,int,srcSP,sp,source position
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.renderable.PadRable8Bit,java.awt.geom.Rectangle2D,intersect,Rectangle2D,src1,Rectangle2D,inputRgn,rgn,rectangle
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext,java.awt.color.ColorSpace,getInstance,int,colorspace,int,CS_sRGB,rgb,red green blue
org.apache.batik.dom.GenericEntity,org.apache.batik.dom.AbstractEntity,setPublicId,String,id,String,pubId,pub,public
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.SVGOMAnimatedPathData,org.apache.batik.dom.svg.SVGAnimatedPathDataSupport,handlePathSegList,PathHandler,h,PathArrayProducer,pp,pp,path producer
org.apache.batik.bridge.AnimatableSVGBridge,java.util.HashMap,get,Object,key,String,pn,pn,path name
org.apache.batik.script.ImportInfo,java.util.Set,add,Object,e,String,pkg,pkg,package
org.apache.batik.anim.AnimationException,org.apache.batik.anim.timing.TimedElement,formatMessage,Object[],args,Object[],params,params,parameters
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.codec.imageio.PNGTranscoderImageIOWriteAdapter,org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.spi.ImageWriter,writeImage,OutputStream,out,OutputStream,ostream,ostream,output stream
org.apache.batik.transcoder.wmf.tosvg.WMFRecordStore,java.util.List,add,Object,e,MetaRecord,mr,mr,meta record
org.apache.batik.css.engine.CSSEngine,org.apache.batik.css.engine.CSSEngine,mediaMatch,SACMediaList,ml,SACMediaList,getMedia,ml,media list
org.apache.batik.util.gui.RepaintThread,java.lang.Thread,sleep,long,millis,long,timeout,millis,millisecond
org.apache.batik.anim.dom.SVGOMFilterElement,org.apache.batik.dom.AbstractElement,setAttributeNS,String,value,String,lang,lang,language
org.apache.batik.apps.rasterizer.Main,java.util.Map,put,Object,value,DestinationType,JPEG,jpeg,joint photographic experts group
org.apache.batik.bridge.FlowTextPainter,java.text.CharacterIterator,setIndex,int,position,int,aciIdx,idx,index
org.apache.batik.util.ParsedURLData,java.net.URLConnection,setRequestProperty,String,key,String,HTTP_USER_AGENT_HEADER,http,hyper text transport protocol
org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGFeComponentTransferElementBridge,org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGFeFuncElementBridge,createComponentTransferFunction,Element,funcElement,Element,e,func,function
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.AtopCompositeContext,java.awt.image.Raster,getPixels,int[],iArray,int[],dstPix,dst,distance
org.apache.batik.bridge.svg12.SVGSolidColorElementBridge,org.apache.batik.css.engine.CSSEngine,getPropertyIndex,String,name,String,CSS_SOLID_COLOR_PROPERTY,css,cascading style sheets
org.apache.batik.apps.svgbrowser.PreferenceDialog,org.apache.batik.apps.svgbrowser.Resources,getString,String,key,String,PREFERENCE_KEY_LABEL_ANIMATION_LIMIT_CPU,cpu,central processing unit
org.apache.batik.svggen.SwingSVGPrettyPrint,org.w3c.dom.Node,appendChild,Node,newChild,Element,cmpGroup,cmp,component
org.apache.batik.bridge.SVGSVGElementBridge,org.apache.batik.gvt.CompositeGraphicsNode,setBackgroundEnable,Rectangle2D,bgRgn,Rectangle2D,r,bg,background
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.renderable.GaussianBlurRable8Bit,org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.renderable.GaussianBlurRable8Bit,setStdDeviationY,double,stdDeviationY,double,stdevY,std,standard
org.apache.batik.anim.AnimationEngine,org.apache.batik.anim.dom.AnimationTarget,removeTargetListener,String,ns,String,namespaceURI,ns,namespace
org.apache.batik.css.engine.CSSEngine,org.apache.batik.css.engine.value.ValueManager,computeValue,int,idx,int,propidx,idx,index
org.apache.batik.dom.AbstractDocument,org.w3c.dom.DOMErrorHandler,handleError,DOMError,error,DOMError,createDOMError,dom,document object model
org.apache.batik.bridge.FlowTextPainter,org.apache.batik.bridge.FlowTextPainter,textWrap,AttributedCharacterIterator[],acis,AttributedCharacterIterator[],chunkACIs,ac,attributed character
