ClassNameInvoke,ClassNameOriginal,FunctionName,FormalType,FormalName,ActualType,ActualName,Abbreviation,Expansion
net.filebot.format.MediaBindingBean,net.filebot.media.VideoFormat,guessFormat,int,width,int,w,w,width
net.filebot.format.MediaBindingBean,java.math.BigDecimal,valueOf,double,val,double,d,val,value
net.filebot.media.Rules,net.filebot.similarity.NameSimilarityMetric,getSimilarity,Object,o2,String,other,o,object
net.filebot.torrent.BDecoder,java.lang.Long,parseLong,String,s,String,str_value,str,string
net.filebot.ui.FileBotListExportHandler,"java.util.function.BiConsumer<T,PrintWriter>",accept,PrintWriter,u,PrintWriter,out,u,out
net.filebot.ui.filter.FilterPanel,net.filebot.ui.transfer.TransferablePolicy,accept,Transferable,tr,Transferable,transferable,tr,transferable
net.filebot.format.MediaBindingBean,net.filebot.web.TMDbClient,getMovieInfo,Movie,movie,Movie,m,m,movie
net.filebot.ui.FileBotListExportHandler,"java.util.function.BiConsumer<T,PrintWriter>",accept,T,t,T,item,t,item
net.filebot.similarity.DateFormatPattern,java.util.regex.Pattern,matcher,CharSequence,input,CharSequence,seq,seq,sequence
net.filebot.similarity.DateMetric,net.filebot.web.SimpleDate,equals,Object,obj,SimpleDate,d2,d,data
net.filebot.MetaAttributeView,java.nio.file.attribute.UserDefinedFileAttributeView,write,ByteBuffer,src,ByteBuffer,encode,src,source
net.filebot.media.Rules,java.util.regex.Pattern,compile,String,regex,String,sn,sn,sequence name
net.filebot.ConsoleFormatter,java.util.regex.Matcher,appendReplacement,StringBuffer,sb,StringBuffer,getBuffer,sb,string buffer
net.filebot.Settings,java.lang.Integer,parseInt,String,s,String,getApplicationProperty,s,string
net.filebot.mediainfo.MediaInfo,net.filebot.mediainfo.MediaInfo,openViaBuffer,RandomAccessFile,f,RandomAccessFile,raf,raf,random access file
net.filebot.util.ui.SwingUI,javax.swing.SwingUtilities,invokeAndWait,Runnable,doRun,Runnable,r,r,runnable
net.filebot.web.AnidbClient,net.filebot.web.LocalSearch<SearchResult>,search,String,q,String,query,q,query
net.filebot.util.PreferencesListTest,net.filebot.util.PreferencesList,map,Preferences,prefs,Preferences,strings,prefs,preferences
net.filebot.mediainfo.MediaInfo,net.filebot.mediainfo.MediaInfoLibrary,Open_Buffer_Init,long,offset,long,gotoPos,pos,position
net.filebot.web.OMDbClient,net.filebot.web.OMDbClient,request,Map<String,Object>,parameters,Map<String,Object>,param,param,parameters
net.filebot.platform.mac.FileChooserAction,java.awt.Rectangle,contains,Point,p,Point,getPoint,p,point
net.filebot.History,javax.xml.bind.Marshaller,marshal,OutputStream,os,OutputStream,output,os,output stream
net.filebot.web.SearchResult,java.lang.Class<>,isInstance,Object,obj,Object,other,obj,object
net.filebot.media.MediaDetection,java.util.Set<File>,contains,Object,o,File,folder,o,object
net.filebot.media.MediaDetection,net.filebot.similarity.Normalization,removeTrailingBrackets,CharSequence,name,String,n,n,name
net.filebot.cli.CmdlineOperations,java.util.logging.Logger,warning,Supplier<String>,msg,Supplier<String>,message,msg,message
net.filebot.cli.Runner,java.lang.Thread,setPriority,int,newPriority,int,MIN_PRIORITY,min,minimum
net.filebot.similarity.DateFilter,java.time.LocalDate,isBefore,ChronoLocalDate,other,LocalDate,max,max,maximum
net.filebot.util.ui.SwingUI,java.awt.Color,RGBtoHSB,int,r,int,getRed,r,red
net.filebot.cli.ScriptShellBaseClass,"java.util.Map<String,Object>",putAll,"Map<? extends String,? extends Object>",m,"Map<String,>",values,m,map
net.filebot.web.ShooterSubtitles,java.io.RandomAccessFile,read,int,len,int,length,len,length
net.filebot.Language,net.filebot.Language,findLanguage,String,language,String,lang,lang,language
net.filebot.ui.SelectDialog,java.awt.Component,addMouseListener,MouseListener,l,MouseAdapter,mouseListener,l,listener
net.filebot.similarity.CrossPropertyMetric,"java.util.Map<String,Object>",get,Object,key,String,k,k,key
net.filebot.subtitle.SubtitleTimeFormat,java.util.Calendar,set,int,value,int,parseInt,int,integer
net.filebot.format.MediaBindingBean,net.filebot.similarity.Normalization,truncateText,String,title,String,t,t,title
net.filebot.ui.rename.ConflictDialog,java.awt.Dialog,setBackground,Color,bgColor,Color,WHITE,bg,background
net.filebot.mediainfo.MediaInfo,net.filebot.mediainfo.MediaInfo,get,InfoKind,infoKind,InfoKind,Text,info,information
net.filebot.archive.SevenZipNativeBindings,java.util.List<Integer>,get,int,index,int,i,i,index
net.filebot.format.MediaBindingBean,net.filebot.media.VideoFormat,guessFormat,int,height,int,h,h,height
net.filebot.MetaAttributeView,java.nio.charset.Charset,encode,String,str,String,value,str,string
net.filebot.util.ui.notification.QueueNotificationLayout,net.filebot.util.ui.notification.QueueNotificationLayout,align,GraphicsConfiguration,gc,GraphicsConfiguration,getGraphicsConfiguration,gc,graphics configuration
net.filebot.cli.PseudoConsole,java.io.PrintWriter,format,String,format,String,fmt,fmt,format
net.filebot.format.ExpressionFileFilter,"java.util.function.Function<File,Object>",apply,File,t,File,f,f,file
net.filebot.History,java.util.logging.Logger,log,Throwable,thrown,Exception,e,e,exception
net.filebot.ui.rename.CharacterHighlightPainter,java.awt.geom.Rectangle2D,createUnion,Rectangle2D,r,Rectangle2D,p2,r,rectangle
net.filebot.cli.ExecutableRenameAction,net.filebot.cli.ExecutableRenameAction,getRelativePath,File,dir,File,directory,dir,directory
net.filebot.format.MediaBindingBean,java.math.BigDecimal,valueOf,double,val,double,d,d,double
net.filebot.mediainfo.MediaInfo,java.nio.charset.CharsetEncoder,canEncode,CharSequence,cs,String,path,cs,char sequence
net.filebot.ui.AbstractSearchPanel,java.awt.Container,add,Component,comp,JTabbedPane,tabbedPane,comp,component
net.filebot.web.LocalSearch,java.util.Collections,reverseOrder,"Comparator<SimpleImmutableEntry<T,Double>>",cmp,"Comparator<SimpleImmutableEntry<T,Double>>",comparing,cmp,comparator
net.filebot.web.OpenSubtitlesSubtitleDescriptor,net.filebot.web.OpenSubtitlesSubtitleDescriptor,getProperty,Property,key,Property,MovieTimeMS,ms,millisecond
net.filebot.format.ExpressionFormat,java.lang.StringBuilder,append,CharSequence,s,CharSequence,value,s,sequence
net.filebot.ui.transfer.DefaultClipboardHandler,net.filebot.ui.transfer.DefaultClipboardHandler,export,Stream<?>,values,Stream<String>,mapToObj,obj,object
net.filebot.cli.CmdlineOperations,java.util.List<File>,addAll,Collection<? extends File>,c,List<File>,renameSeries,c,collection
net.filebot.ui.rename.RenamePanel,net.filebot.ui.rename.PresetEditor,setPreset,Preset,p,Preset,preset,p,preset
net.filebot.torrent.BDecoder,java.nio.charset.Charset,decode,ByteBuffer,bb,ByteBuffer,wrap,bb,byte buffer
net.filebot.torrent.BDecoder,java.io.InputStream,read,byte[],b,byte[],tempArray,b,byte
net.filebot.web.TheTVDBClientV1,net.filebot.web.TheTVDBClientV1,getXmlResource,MirrorType,mirror,MirrorType,XML,xml,extensible markup language
net.filebot.License,java.time.LocalDate,atStartOfDay,ZoneId,zone,ZoneOffset,UTC,utc,universal time coordinated
net.filebot.ui.GettingStartedStage,net.filebot.util.ui.SwingUI,openURI,String,uri,String,getEmbeddedHelpURL,url,uniform resource locator
net.filebot.cli.CmdlineOperations,java.util.logging.Logger,config,Supplier<String>,msgSupplier,Supplier<String>,formatMessage,msg,message
net.filebot.platform.gnome.NativeGVFS,net.filebot.platform.gnome.LibGIO,g_vfs_get_file_for_uri,String,uri,String,toString,uri,uniform resource identifier
net.filebot.web.TMDbTVClient,net.filebot.util.JsonUtilities,getString,Object,node,Object,tv,tv,this movie
net.filebot.util.PreferencesList,java.util.List<T>,get,int,index,int,n,n,index
net.filebot.media.XattrMetaInfo,net.filebot.media.MetaAttributes,setCreationDate,long,millis,long,t,t,time
net.filebot.util.ui.ProgressIndicator,java.awt.geom.RectangularShape,setFrame,Rectangle2D,f,Rectangle2D,frame,f,frame
net.filebot.util.ui.AbstractFancyListCellRenderer,net.filebot.util.ui.AbstractFancyListCellRenderer,setGradientColors,Color,gradientEndColor,Color,c,c,color
net.filebot.torrent.BDecoder,java.io.InputStream,read,byte[],b,byte[],rem_data,rem,stream
net.filebot.WebServices,java.lang.String,split,String,regex,String,LOGIN_SEPARATOR,regex,regular expression
net.filebot.ui.rename.IllegalCharactersListCellRenderer,javax.swing.text.Highlighter,addHighlight,int,p0,int,start,p,position
net.filebot.media.Rules,net.filebot.media.MediaDetection,parseEpisodeNumber,String,string,String,orElse,or,other
net.filebot.media.PlexNamingStandard,net.filebot.similarity.Normalization,truncateText,String,title,String,formatMultiTitle,multi,multiple
net.filebot.cli.ScriptShellBaseClass,java.lang.Thread,sleep,long,millis,int,retryWaitTime,millis,millisecond
net.filebot.cli.ArgumentBean,net.filebot.cli.ArgumentBean,optional,String,value,String,lang,lang,language
net.filebot.License,net.filebot.util.JsonUtilities,getString,Object,node,Object,json,json,javascript object notation
net.filebot.License,java.time.ZonedDateTime,format,DateTimeFormatter,formatter,DateTimeFormatter,ISO_LOCAL_DATE,iso,international standards organization
net.filebot.web.ID3Lookup,"java.util.function.Function<MediaInfo,T>",apply,MediaInfo,t,MediaInfo,m,m,media
net.filebot.media.MediaDetection,net.filebot.similarity.DateMatcher,match,CharSequence,seq,CharSequence,name,seq,sequence
net.filebot.ui.CompletionCellRenderer,java.util.regex.Matcher,appendReplacement,StringBuffer,sb,StringBuffer,htmlText,html,hypertext markup language
net.filebot.util.ui.ListView,java.awt.Graphics2D,fill,Shape,s,Rectangle,selection,s,selection
net.filebot.media.Rules,java.util.Optional<String>,orElse,String,other,String,fn,fn,file name
net.filebot.ui.sfv.ChecksumButton,javax.swing.JComponent,setForeground,Color,fg,Color,WHITE,fg,foreground
net.filebot.media.MediaDetection,java.util.Set<String>,add,String,e,String,fn,e,entry
net.filebot.MetaAttributeView,java.nio.file.attribute.UserDefinedFileAttributeView,read,ByteBuffer,dst,ByteBuffer,buffer,dst,distribution
net.filebot.ui.transfer.TransferablePolicy,net.filebot.ui.transfer.TransferAction,fromDnDConstant,int,dndConstant,int,getDropAction,dnd,drag and drop
net.filebot.ui.sfv.HighlightPatternCellRenderer,java.lang.StringBuilder,append,String,str,String,cssFontSize,css,cascading style sheets
net.filebot.cli.ScriptShell,javax.script.Bindings,put,String,name,String,SHELL_CLI_BINDING_NAME,cli,client
net.filebot.format.MediaBindingBean,net.filebot.format.MediaBindingBean,identityIndexOf,Iterable<?>,v,Collection<>,values,v,value
net.filebot.ui.HistoryPanel,javax.swing.JComponent,setBackground,Color,bg,Color,WHITE,bg,background
net.filebot.util.ui.notification.MessageNotification,javax.swing.JEditorPane,setText,String,t,String,text,t,text
net.filebot.media.AutoDetection,java.util.concurrent.Executors,newFixedThreadPool,int,nThreads,int,getPreferredThreadPoolSize,n,number
net.filebot.cli.CmdlineOperations,net.filebot.Logging,format,Object[],args,String,getName,args,arguments
net.filebot.ui.FileBotList,javax.swing.KeyStroke,getKeyStroke,int,modifiers,int,ALT_DOWN_MASK,alt,alterative
net.filebot.Language,net.filebot.Logging,cause,Throwable,t,Exception,e,t,throwable
net.filebot.util.ui.SwingUI,javafx.application.Platform,runLater,Runnable,runnable,Runnable,r,r,runnable
net.filebot.Main,java.util.logging.Logger,log,Throwable,thrown,Throwable,e,e,expection
net.filebot.ui.subtitle.SubtitleDownloadComponent,java.util.logging.Logger,log,String,msg,String,getMessage,msg,message
net.filebot.util.FileSet,java.nio.file.Files,write,Charset,cs,Charset,UTF_8,cs,char set
net.filebot.ui.SelectDialog,javax.swing.AbstractButton,setSelected,boolean,b,boolean,autoRepeatSelected,b,boolean
